Update test workflow and documentation (#77)
cyberark/cloudfoundry-conjur-buildpack: README.md

+ Your app must have a `secrets.yml` file in its root directory when deployed

> + If you are pushing multiple buildpacks using the CloudFoundry CLI, 
>   ensure that your CloudFoundry CLI version is greater than `6.38`. See 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Using this buildpack **requires** using multiple buildpacks. To use Cloud Foundry
  with multiple buildpacks, you **must** ensure your [Cloud Foundry CLI](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cli)
  version is greater than `6.38`. See
```
